it is that the species
two of the team's suspects for the
shepherds end up on my chain for
a new video and this video the
ice cream at the draw for the
last tournament I had organized so the
tour youtuber fifa iii i will call back
a little bit the twelve names then at
contract month psycho causes or abdou
if any case this case where is sometimes axis to
One luan fans and that's twelve
participants then today we're going
to make beautiful small prints then
many of you are in the process of
tell you from a small pointu placed
twelve voices players there in cases
like that it's just trying
you imagine a little painting
how can we place eight youtuber of
dating i'm going to put the table i you
will put the table a little notch and the
will set right and then you go
to be able to walk again it's a painting
to places and youtube hours only
and then you tell me you ladies
want to place eight unemployed but in the
life of 12 how do you place the four
other debates it's quite simple while
down we can see guillaume eight boxes of
to place youtube and balls and four
that stay in place and we will spend it
a notch above it will be the heads of
sam series was proposed by the
parliament then him
is there added nor choice he uses that
in tennis the killer has caught two
elected and the seeded will be who
so that will be the case what did ricco
give up that was
list of ten years number 2 then I
put abdullah and his first show little
people that's a very player
competitive
I will pass the seed and then
I got a clown myself too
become at the organizer
so that will be the flat and two series
is captured from these new places and a
notch above the 8
now there are the eight all the way down and
above we will place a word each
box see one seed per match
then ben I took to do first
the seeds of which we can see
that she is 4 in so I started
co2 funeral helmet and abdoulaye and
then I know planned the 8 who
remain whether the year transfers
two teeth and will draw the eight for
see what will be the matches and
culture then of a new part of the
gains we will already shoot the first head
serial the small road to note is
that in every ball
I put the normal names but I know
that they have from them like that I can have
the placemen suppose that the key moment
of his sees anything certainly a little
transparent but to get a
good time to go
my first head first tdc body
place on the left I draw for
know how I will not jump from his
valley rays from first place to
place valence then promise maybe two
cells in place and left then that's it
will it be that it would not be it will be me
would prefer to have in this moment plays
not my fits in first head of
series
a seed we are going to sort
it's true in the other match that
will pass right next to me that's ok know
the first seed of these months
second seed we find sakho
presented two series that will happen in
the next game but your voice then
so then so headset the
third seed that goes
logically 1 in the seed who
will happen in die of the match to roll
to go look
I try his blaze here at belley we have
could see the summer of his hands commented on
series it's me you are t2c lips
highco is happening in the market at
next to me next game we will only have
this case and to finish the last
games and there will abdoulaye
now we will transfer that then
it will be limited bases that go
fight at the start and then when
will have to face the
Seeded
it will be space then very first match to
the first place of motorcycles
who will face the match then has to
your opinion that will stretch who will
face our dear friend thomas blard to
laval at the customs have experienced a first
poster that will be this fall facing
guano good little poster a good little
perspective match
2nd match eight chains that will face
the first place of the argos d'audard
place 26 who will face for this
second match that will face who will
to face proud in your opinion I would like
well you have roma 3 sap then learned
it's going to face slab square yes
da place against wayne this second match
a good little match match then the
rade to the image it will face his
will rather compose our friends
tito titou face the third match
then we will only have 10 left
or while she is lightening her
urges
titou who will face this penultimate
match in eighth fatma you will not say
worst friend
like a third titou match that at his
Tray math paw in matches it
we will stay from my first no it will be
absent facing haas beat I have them
talked to two minutes
she saved her pass acision lo
absolute opposite is enough good bah is
draw was carried out the majs upstream this
trio we have very good eighths of
final and well I wanted a little
encouragement to all participants
but to take all the blocks that the
best wins
I hope this video's right
you will be pleased do not hesitate our
impressions to comments do not hesitate
not also let the little one like it
always happy
I wanted to be sure it did not make them
crazy eating vegetables in themselves
find for next videos
charity
and